chrysochloris stuhlmanni
microgale cowani
microgale dobsoni
oryzorictes hova
echinops telfairi
chrysochloris asiatica
microgale talazaci
micropotamogale lamottei
hemicentetes semispinosus
limnogale mergulus
setifer setosus
tenrec ecaudatus
potamogale velox
tragelaphus scriptus
rangifer tarandus
syncerus caffer
odocoileus virginianus
damaliscus pygargus
tragelaphus eurycerus
hippopotamus amphibius
tragelaphus imberbis
kobus leche
dama dama
tragelaphus angasii
lama glama
hippotragus niger
alcelaphus buselaphus
damaliscus lunatus
oryx gazella
tragelaphus buxtoni
tragelaphus strepsiceros
hippotragus equinus
taurotragus oryx
bos taurus
bison bison
taurotragus derbianus
camelus dromedarius
madoqua kirkii
eudorcas thomsonii
phacochoerus aethiopicus
aepyceros melampus
axis axis
kobus ellipsiprymnus
connochaetes taurinus
giraffa camelopardalis
tragulus javanicus
moschiola meminna
tragulus napu
hyemoschus aquaticus
neotragus moschatus
philantomba maxwellii
philantomba monticola
raphicerus campestris
hydropotes inermis
raphicerus melanotis
mazama americana
ourebia ourebi
oreotragus oreotragus
gazella dorcas
sylvicapra grimmia
cephalophus zebra
cephalophus natalensis
cephalophus nigrifrons
capreolus capreolus
cephalophus dorsalis
cephalophus leucogaster
pecari tajacu
redunca fulvorufula
antilope cervicapra
capra hircus
litocranius walleri
rupicapra rupicapra
pelea capreolus
redunca redunca
muntiacus muntjak
antilocapra americana
babyrousa babyrussa
phacochoerus africanus
antidorcas marsupialis
redunca arundinum
potamochoerus porcus
nanger granti
ovis ammon
hylochoerus meinertzhageni
axis porcinus
tragelaphus spekii
tayassu pecari
nanger dama
hemitragus jemlahicus
sus scrofa
cephalophus silvicultor
ovis aries
addax nasomaculatus
odocoileus hemionus
vicugna vicugna
cervus nippon
kobus kob
ammotragus lervia
hexaprotodon liberiensis
boselaphus tragocamelus
oryx beisa
bos grunniens
alcelaphus lichtensteinii
alces americanus
cervus elaphus
alces alces
okapia johnstoni
camelus bactrianus
mustela erminea
mephitis mephitis
pusa caspica
pusa sibirica
pusa hispida
histriophoca fasciata
phoca largha
panthera tigris
arctocephalus galapagoensis
arctocephalus australis
halichoerus grypus
arctocephalus forsteri
arctocephalus tropicalis
callorhinus ursinus
ursus arctos
arctocephalus gazella
arctocephalus pusillus
neophoca cinerea
phocarctos hookeri
cystophora cristata
monachus monachus
ommatophoca rossii
otaria flavescens
ursus maritimus
leptonychotes weddellii
lobodon carcinophaga
eumetopias jubatus
hydrurga leptonyx
mirounga leonina
odobenus rosmarus
vulpes vulpes
genetta tigrina
otocyon megalotis
potos flavus
nasua nasua
bassariscus sumichrasti
melursus ursinus
helarctos malayanus
erignathus barbatus
pagophilus groenlandicus
mirounga angustirostris
procyon lotor
nasua narica
phoca vitulina
mustela putorius
ichneumia albicauda
urocyon cinereoargenteus
leptailurus serval
leopardus pardalis
lynx rufus
lynx canadensis
panthera pardus
puma concolor
ursus americanus
monachus schauinslandi
arctocephalus philippii
genetta pardina
mustela nivalis
mustela frenata
mustela altaica
ictonyx libyca
poecilogale albinucha
helogale parvula
vormela peregusna
spilogale putorius
mustela sibirica
spilogale gracilis
neovison vison
herpestes javanicus
mustela lutreolina
mustela lutreola
prionodon linsang
ictonyx striatus
mustela nigripes
galerella sanguinea
prionodon pardicolor
crossarchus obscurus
suricata suricatta
herpestes edwardsi
cynictis penicillata
mungos mungo
galidia elegans
salanoia concolor
galerella pulverulenta
herpestes fuscus
conepatus humboldtii
genetta genetta
conepatus leuconotus
herpestes smithii
mydaus marchei
genetta angolensis
martes americana
paracynictis selousi
bassariscus astutus
genetta servalina
viverricula indica
bdeogale crassicauda
rhynchogale melleri
eupleres goudotii
vulpes zerda
nandinia binotata
paradoxurus zeylonensis
galictis vittata
martes martes
martes zibellina
conepatus chinga
galictis cuja
hemigalus derbyanus
prionailurus rubiginosus
bassaricyon gabbii
bassaricyon alleni
mydaus javanensis
fossa fossana
felis nigripes
martes foina
herpestes urva
prionailurus planiceps
arctogalidia trivirgata
herpestes ichneumon
viverra tangalunga
vulpes bengalensis
vulpes pallida
herpestes naso
felis catus
herpestes vitticollis
vulpes rueppellii
paradoxurus hermaphroditus
urocyon littoralis
atilax paludinosus
nyctereutes procyonoides
martes pennanti
prionailurus bengalensis
cynogale bennettii
paguma larvata
vulpes velox
cryptoprocta ferox
hydrictis maculicollis
vulpes chama
leopardus geoffroyi
martes flavigula
felis manul
proteles cristata
vulpes lagopus
felis silvestris
viverra megaspila
felis chaus
viverra zibetha
civettictis civetta
aonyx cinerea
lontra felina
lutra lutra
lycalopex gymnocercus
speothos venaticus
arctictis binturong
puma yagouaroundi
viverra civettina
lycalopex griseus
meles meles
prionailurus viverrinus
ailurus fulgens
eira barbara
taxidea taxus
arctonyx collaris
cerdocyon thous
lontra canadensis
canis adustus
lycalopex culpaeus
caracal caracal
canis mesomelas
lontra longicaudis
profelis aurata
lutrogale perspicillata
melogale personata
procyon cancrivorus
atelocynus microtis
catopuma temminckii
lynx lynx
neofelis nebulosa
canis aureus
gulo gulo
mellivora capensis
canis latrans
pteronura brasiliensis
cuon alpinus
aonyx capensis
hyaena hyaena
uncia uncia
hyaena brunnea
acinonyx jubatus
enhydra lutris
chrysocyon brachyurus
lycaon pictus
canis lupus
panthera onca
crocuta crocuta
ailuropoda melanoleuca
panthera leo
ursus thibetanus
zalophus californianus
delphinus delphis
lagenorhynchus obliquidens
tursiops truncatus
stenella longirostris
phocoenoides dalli
stenella coeruleoalba
delphinapterus leucas
pseudorca crassidens
phocoena phocoena
balaenoptera physalus
orcinus orca
platanista gangetica
neophocaena phocaenoides
lipotes vexillifer
phocoena spinipinnis
kogia sima
inia geoffrensis
sotalia fluviatilis
cephalorhynchus commersonii
cephalorhynchus heavisidii
stenella attenuata
lagenorhynchus obscurus
kogia breviceps
lagenorhynchus acutus
lagenorhynchus albirostris
lissodelphis borealis
mesoplodon densirostris
tursiops aduncus
steno bredanensis
ziphius cavirostris
mesoplodon europaeus
mesoplodon mirus
globicephala macrorhynchus
grampus griseus
globicephala melas
balaena mysticetus
balaenoptera acutorostrata
monodon monoceros
balaenoptera musculus
eschrichtius robustus
balaenoptera borealis
megaptera novaeangliae
physeter catodon
rhynchonycteris naso
myotis nigricans
rhinolophus hipposideros
myotis mystacinus
myotis nattereri
saccopteryx bilineata
hipposideros bicolor
hipposideros caffer
pteronotus davyi
eptesicus serotinus
mimon crenulatum
rhinolophus ferrumequinum
nycteris arge
nyctalus noctula
mormoops megalophylla
glossophaga soricina
vespertilio murinus
myotis myotis
platyrrhinus helleri
carollia perspicillata
uroderma bilobatum
sturnira lilium
leptonycteris curasoae
casinycteris argynnis
desmodus rotundus
cynopterus brachyotis
diaemus youngi
artibeus jamaicensis
phyllostomus discolor
artibeus lituratus
noctilio leporinus
cynopterus horsfieldii
rousettus aegyptiacus
hypsignathus monstrosus
epomophorus gambianus
pteropus vampyrus
pteropus melanotus
tylonycteris pachypus
craseonycteris thonglongyai
glischropus tylopus
neoromicia nanus
myotis siligorensis
pipistrellus coromandra
rhogeessa tumida
pipistrellus papuanus
rhogeessa parvula
pipistrellus tenuis
kerivoula phalaena
tylonycteris robustula
pipistrellus javanicus
vespadelus pumilus
myotis muricola
pipistrellus subflavus
myotis albescens
furipterus horrens
saccopteryx canescens
myotis yumanensis
hypsugo crassulus
myotis fortidens
aselliscus tricuspidatus
hypsugo imbricatus
hypsugo pulveratus
scotozous dormeri
glauconycteris beatrix
peropteryx trinitatis
aselliscus stoliczkanus
hipposideros halophyllus
peropteryx macrotis
eptesicus pachyotis
hesperoptenus blanfordi
scotorepens sanborni
saccopteryx leptura
myotis lucifugus
emballonura monticola
rhinolophus pusillus
pipistrellus kuhlii
nyctophilus geoffroyi
miniopterus australis
lasiurus borealis
myotis montivagus
myotis riparius
emballonura raffrayana
cyttarops alecto
molossops temminckii
pipistrellus ceylonicus
barbastella barbastellus
emballonura semicaudata
chalinolobus morio
cynomops planirostris
phoniscus atrox
myotis hasseltii
rhinolophus lepidus
eptesicus furinalis
neoromicia flavescens
rhinolophus cornutus
myotis horsfieldii
hipposideros ater
eptesicus brasiliensis
myotis bocagii
myotis velifer
rhinolophus malayanus
kerivoula pellucida
glauconycteris poensis
rhinolophus macrotis
hipposideros cervinus
eptesicus fuscus
miniopterus pusillus
murina tubinaris
cormura brevirostris
mormopterus jugularis
myotis annectans
thyroptera tricolor
myotis daubentonii
eptesicus dimissus
hipposideros pomona
rhinolophus thomasi
mormopterus beccarii
pteronotus personatus
hipposideros fulvus
plecotus auritus
nycteris nana
myotis altarium
chalinolobus gouldii
asellia tridens
rhinolophus clivosus
natalus tumidirostris
rhinonicteris aurantia
nyctophilus timoriensis
myotis adversus
rhinolophus capensis
murina huttoni
coleura afra
rhinolophus coelophyllus
myotis tricolor
myotis bechsteinii
rhinolophus megaphyllus
hipposideros ruber
murina cyclotis
miniopterus fuscus
rhinolophus paradoxolophus
hipposideros ridleyi
miniopterus schreibersii
triaenops persicus
miniopterus medius
micronycteris megalotis
chaerephon pumilus
rhinopoma hardwickii
rhinolophus landeri
rhinolophus robinsoni
nycteris thebaica
hipposideros galeritus
nycteris hispida
hipposideros speoris
molossus molossus
rhinolophus stheno
micronycteris minuta
ametrida centurio
cynomops greenhalli
rhinolophus acuminatus
micronycteris schmidtorum
rhinolophus mehelyi
kerivoula papillosa
myotis dasycneme
macrophyllum macrophyllum
miniopterus magnater
miniopterus inflatus
rhinolophus pearsonii
miniopterus tristis
choeroniscus godmani
scotophilus kuhlii
pteronotus gymnonotus
lonchophylla thomasi
mesophylla macconnelli
rhinolophus affinis
rhinolophus trifoliatus
lionycteris spurrelli
rhinophylla pumilio
chaerephon jobensis
hipposideros calcaratus
lonchorhina aurita
scotomanes ornatus
chaerephon plicatus
choeroniscus minor
nycteris macrotis
macrotus californicus
mops leucostigma
tadarida aegyptiaca
vampyressa pusilla
rhinopoma microphyllum
rhinolophus eloquens
monophyllus plethodon
hipposideros larvatus
cynomops abrasus
mops condylurus
anoura caudifer
lonchophylla mordax
mops niveiventer
glossophaga longirostris
scotophilus dinganii
rhinolophus yunanensis
harpiocephalus harpia
artibeus phaeotis
carollia castanea
artibeus cinereus
taphozous longimanus
mops mops
nycteris javanica
artibeus glaucus
nycteris tragata
scotophilus heathii
taphozous australis
balionycteris maculata
pteronotus parnellii
taphozous melanopogon
chiroderma trinitatum
sphaeronycteris toxophyllum
hipposideros maggietaylorae
taphozous hildegardeae
artibeus toltecus
taphozous mauritianus
noctilio albiventris
platyrrhinus brachycephalus
anoura geoffroyi
hipposideros lekaguli
leptonycteris nivalis
rhinolophus luctus
syconycteris australis
hipposideros turpis
macroglossus minimus
ardops nichollsi
chironax melanocephalus
eumops auripendulus
rhinolophus hildebrandtii
artibeus concolor
lavia frons
eumops glaucinus
megaderma spasma
saccolaimus saccolaimus
cardioderma cor
sturnira ludovici
megaloglossus woermanni
taphozous theobaldi
macroglossus sobrinus
chiroderma villosum
scotonycteris zenkeri
hipposideros diadema
sturnira tildae
paranyctimene raptor
hipposideros lankadiva
nycteris grandis
platyrrhinus lineatus
hipposideros commersoni
otomops martiensseni
chiroderma salvini
tonatia bidens
hipposideros armiger
diphylla ecaudata
eumops perotis
micropteropus pusillus
megaerops ecaudatus
nyctimene albiventer
sphaerias blanfordi
phyllostomus elongatus
megaderma lyra
trachops cirrhosus
vampyrodes caraccioli
penthetor lucasi
megaerops niphanae
nyctimene vizcaccia
melonycteris woodfordi
scotophilus nigrita
cynopterus sphinx
platyrrhinus infuscus
myonycteris torquata
platyrrhinus vittatus
nyctimene robinsoni
eonycteris spelaea
brachyphylla cavernarum
melonycteris melanops
phylloderma stenops
cheiromeles torquatus
notopteris macdonaldi
phyllostomus hastatus
epomophorus labiatus
rousettus amplexicaudatus
macroderma gigas
chrotopterus auritus
lissonycteris angolensis
epomophorus wahlbergi
epomops franqueti
dobsonia inermis
vampyrum spectrum
dobsonia praedatrix
dobsonia moluccensis
eidolon helvum
pteropus temminckii
pteropus mahaganus
pteropus hypomelanus
pteropus scapulatus
pteropus samoensis
pteropus tonganus
pteropus lylei
pteropus macrotis
pteropus alecto
pteropus poliocephalus
pteropus rufus
pteropus giganteus
pteropus conspicillatus
pteropus neohibernicus
dasypus novemcinctus
cabassous unicinctus
zaedyus pichiy
tolypeutes matacus
chaetophractus villosus
euphractus sexcinctus
priodontes maximus
planigale tenuirostris
planigale ingrami
planigale gilesi
planigale maculata
ningaui ridei
ningaui yvonnae
planigale novaeguineae
sminthopsis virginiae
sminthopsis bindi
sminthopsis douglasi
sminthopsis crassicaudata
sminthopsis macroura
sminthopsis hirtipes
sminthopsis leucopus
pseudantechinus roryi
sminthopsis murina
antechinomys laniger
sminthopsis griseoventer
pseudantechinus macdonnellensis
dasykaluta rosamondae
antechinus agilis
antechinus bellus
antechinus flavipes
pseudantechinus bilarni
murexechinus melanurus
antechinus subtropicus
antechinus minimus
antechinus leo
antechinus stuartii
phascomurexia naso
phascogale calura
antechinus swainsonii
paramurexia rothschildi
phascolosorex dorsalis
parantechinus apicalis
dasycercus cristicauda
dasyuroides byrnei
murexia longicaudata
phascogale tapoatafa
myoictis melas
neophascogale lorentzi
dasyurus hallucatus
dasyurus albopunctatus
myrmecobius fasciatus
dasyurus geoffroii
dasyurus viverrinus
dasyurus maculatus
sarcophilus harrisii
thylacinus cynocephalus
dasyurus spartacus
marmosa robinsoni
thylamys elegans
monodelphis brevicaudata
marmosa mexicana
marmosa murina
marmosa rubra
caluromys derbianus
caluromys philander
metachirus nudicaudatus
philander opossum
didelphis marsupialis
didelphis virginiana
thylamys pallidior
caluromys lanatus
lutreolina crassicaudata
chironectes minimus
cercartetus concinnus
acrobates pygmaeus
cercartetus lepidus
tarsipes rostratus
cercartetus nanus
cercartetus caudatus
distoechurus pennatus
burramys parvus
pseudochirulus canescens
pseudochirulus mayeri
petaurus breviceps
pseudochirulus schlegeli
gymnobelideus leadbeateri
petaurus norfolcensis
hemibelideus lemuroides
pseudochirulus caroli
pseudochirulus forbesi
pseudochirulus herbertensis
dactylopsila tatei
pseudocheirus peregrinus
pseudochirops albertisii
petauroides volans
petropseudes dahli
pseudochirops coronatus
pseudochirops corinnae
petaurus australis
dactylopsila trivirgata
pseudochirops archeri
phalanger lullulae
potorous platyops
dactylopsila palpator
lagostrophus fasciatus
phalanger ornatus
phalanger orientalis
pseudochirops cupreus
lagorchestes hirsutus
phalanger mimicus
phalanger carmelitae
bettongia tropica
potorous tridactylus
phalanger vestitus
bettongia penicillata
phalanger sericeus
wyulda squamicaudata
onychogalea lunata
bettongia lesueur
petrogale concinna
trichosurus vulpecula
bettongia gaimardi
dorcopsulus vanheurni
trichosurus caninus
aepyprymnus rufescens
lagorchestes leporides
phalanger gymnotis
spilocuscus maculatus
dorcopsulus macleayi
setonix brachyurus
lagorchestes conspicillatus
onychogalea fraenata
petrogale brachyotis
dorcopsis atrata
onychogalea unguifera
spilocuscus rufoniger
petrogale mareeba
petrogale inornata
thylogale brunii
petrogale assimilis
thylogale stigmatica
petrogale godmani
thylogale browni
dendrolagus bennettianus
macropus parma
petrogale lateralis
thylogale thetis
phascolarctos cinereus
dorcopsis muelleri
dorcopsis luctuosa
petrogale herberti
petrogale persephone
thylogale billardierii
dorcopsis hageni
petrogale xanthopus
macropus eugenii
petrogale penicillata
macropus irma
macropus greyi
dendrolagus lumholtzi
dendrolagus ursinus
dendrolagus matschiei
dendrolagus goodfellowi
dendrolagus spadix
dendrolagus scottae
macropus dorsalis
dendrolagus inustus
dendrolagus dorianus
wallabia bicolor
macropus agilis
macropus rufogriseus
macropus parryi
lasiorhinus latifrons
macropus antilopinus
macropus fuliginosus
macropus robustus
vombatus ursinus
macropus rufus
macropus giganteus
petaurus biacensis
petaurus abidi
phalanger rothschildi
strigocuscus pelengensis
phalanger intercastellanus
spilocuscus kraemeri
atelerix albiventris
erinaceus europaeus
hemiechinus auritus
paraechinus hypomelas
mesechinus dauuricus
atelerix algirus
echinosorex gymnura
procavia capensis
heterohyrax brucei
dendrohyrax arboreus
ochotona hyperborea
ochotona princeps
ochotona rufescens
sylvilagus audubonii
sylvilagus bachmani
sylvilagus floridanus
lepus americanus
lepus capensis
oryctolagus cuniculus
lepus nigricollis
lepus californicus
lepus europaeus
lepus arcticus
sylvilagus brasiliensis
lepus timidus
rhynchocyon petersi
elephantulus intufi
elephantulus fuscipes
elephantulus myurus
rhynchocyon cirnei
dromiciops gliroides
ornithorhynchus anatinus
tachyglossus aculeatus
zaglossus bruijni
notoryctes caurinus
rhyncholestes raphanurus
caenolestes fuliginosus
chaeropus ecaudatus
perameles bougainville
echymipera kalubu
echymipera rufescens
microperoryctes longicauda
macrotis leucura
isoodon macrourus
echymipera clara
perameles gunnii
perameles nasuta
peroryctes raffrayana
macrotis lagotis
isoodon obesulus
rhynchomeles prattorum
equus asinus
tapirus indicus
equus zebra
diceros bicornis
equus caballus
tapirus bairdii
tapirus terrestris
equus quagga
equus burchellii
ceratotherium simum
rhinoceros unicornis
manis tricuspis
manis javanica
manis pentadactyla
bradypus variegatus
choloepus hoffmanni
tamandua tetradactyla
choloepus didactylus
myrmecophaga tridactyla
cyclopes didactylus
bradypus tridactylus
microcebus rufus
cheirogaleus adipicaudatus
galago thomasi
cheirogaleus medius
tarsius syrichta
galago moholi
galago matschiei
euoticus pallidus
galago gabonensis
euoticus elegantulus
galago cameronensis
mirza coquereli
phaner pallescens
lepilemur dorsalis
lepilemur leucopus
arctocebus calabarensis
lepilemur edwardsi
callithrix jacchus
avahi occidentalis
lepilemur ruficaudatus
saguinus niger
saguinus pileatus
saguinus oedipus
saguinus leucopus
lepilemur microdon
saguinus midas
saguinus labiatus
otolemur monteiri
otolemur garnettii
otolemur crassicaudatus
leontopithecus chrysomelas
leontopithecus rosalia
hapalemur alaotrensis
saguinus geoffroyi
aotus trivirgatus
callicebus caligatus
callicebus discolor
callicebus lugens
callicebus medemi
callithrix geoffroyi
eulemur coronatus
eulemur albifrons
eulemur albocollaris
saimiri oerstedii
saimiri sciureus
eulemur rufus
propithecus deckenii
propithecus coquereli
varecia variegata
miopithecus ogouensis
propithecus diadema
alouatta seniculus
chiropotes satanas
alouatta pigra
procolobus verus
alouatta belzebul
cercopithecus petaurista
chiropotes israelita
chiropotes chiropotes
piliocolobus kirkii
allenopithecus nigroviridis
cercopithecus pogonias
presbytis siamensis
alouatta macconnelli
cercopithecus wolfi
chlorocebus pygerythrus
cebus albifrons
chlorocebus aethiops
cebus libidinosus
chlorocebus sabaeus
cercopithecus doggetti
cercopithecus hamlyni
cebus xanthosternos
macaca fascicularis
cebus nigritus
cercopithecus albogularis
cebus capucinus
piliocolobus tephrosceles
presbytis rubicunda
cercopithecus nictitans
cebus apella
presbytis chrysomelas
trachypithecus phayrei
presbytis thomasi
colobus vellerosus
presbytis femoralis
cercopithecus lhoesti
colobus satanas
presbytis frontata
macaca cyclopis
pygathrix nigripes
semnopithecus priam
hylobates pileatus
macaca silenus
macaca leonina
macaca mulatta
hylobates klossii
hylobates agilis
semnopithecus dussumieri
hylobates lar
trachypithecus francoisi
macaca maura
hylobates muelleri
macaca ochreata
ateles chamek
cercocebus galeritus
lagothrix cana
erythrocebus patas
macaca arctoides
lophocebus aterrimus
ateles hybridus
trachypithecus pileatus
ateles geoffroyi
cercocebus torquatus
ateles paniscus
bunopithecus hoolock
aotus lemurinus
ateles fusciceps
rhinopithecus roxellana
nomascus gabriellae
semnopithecus schistaceus
semnopithecus ajax
symphalangus syndactylus
papio papio
mandrillus leucophaeus
pan paniscus
pongo pygmaeus
pan troglodytes
gorilla gorilla
homo sapiens
pongo abelii
gorilla beringei
callithrix pygmaea
galago senegalensis
loris tardigradus
perodicticus potto
tarsius bancanus
nycticebus pygmaeus
saimiri boliviensis
colobus guereza
cercocebus agilis
macaca nigra
theropithecus gelada
mandrillus sphinx
tarsius dentatus
phaner electromontis
hapalemur occidentalis
callicebus regulus
varecia rubra
presbytis potenziani
presbytis natunae
alouatta sara
presbytis hosei
trachypithecus auratus
macaca tonkeana
macaca hecki
nycticebus coucang
alouatta palliata
cercopithecus mona
colobus angolensis
papio hamadryas
galago granti
cheirogaleus sibreei
callithrix aurita
pithecia irrorata
trachypithecus germaini
lagothrix poeppigii
hylobates moloch
chlorocebus cynosuros
ateles marginatus
microcebus murinus
galago demidoff
tarsius tarsier
galago zanzibaricus
galago alleni
arctocebus aureus
loris lydekkerianus
phaner furcifer
cheirogaleus major
callithrix penicillata
saguinus fuscicollis
callithrix argentata
callithrix humeralifera
saguinus nigricollis
lepilemur mustelinus
avahi laniger
saguinus mystax
callimico goeldii
nycticebus bengalensis
hapalemur griseus
callicebus cupreus
callicebus moloch
callicebus torquatus
aotus azarae
lemur catta
eulemur macaco
eulemur mongoz
eulemur rubriventer
eulemur fulvus
propithecus verreauxi
prolemur simus
pithecia pithecia
miopithecus talapoin
pithecia monachus
indri indri
propithecus edwardsi
daubentonia madagascariensis
alouatta guariba
alouatta caraya
cercopithecus lowei
cercopithecus campbelli
cercopithecus ascanius
trachypithecus cristatus
cercopithecus diana
simias concolor
macaca sinica
presbytis melalophos
trachypithecus obscurus
trachypithecus vetulus
cercopithecus neglectus
cacajao melanocephalus
cercopithecus erythrotis
macaca radiata
colobus polykomos
cebus olivaceus
cacajao calvus
cercopithecus mitis
cercopithecus cephus
pygathrix nemaeus
piliocolobus badius
presbytis comata
trachypithecus geei
nasalis larvatus
trachypithecus johnii
cercocebus atys
macaca sylvanus
semnopithecus hypoleucos
lagothrix lagotricha
macaca assamensis
lophocebus albigena
macaca fuscata
macaca nemestrina
semnopithecus entellus
ateles belzebuth
brachyteles arachnoides
papio anubis
papio cynocephalus
papio ursinus
loxodonta africana
elephas maximus
micromys minutus
perognathus flavus
mus booduga
perognathus longimembris
reithrodontomys megalotis
peromyscus polionotus
lagurus lagurus
otomys angoniensis
chaetodipus penicillatus
napaeozapus insignis
chaetodipus formosus
zapus princeps
mus platythrix
myodes glareolus
microtus oregoni
heterocephalus glaber
peromyscus crinitus
peromyscus eremicus
zapus hudsonius
microtus arvalis
microdipodops megacephalus
myodes gapperi
myodes rutilus
peromyscus merriami
microtus pinetorum
myopus schisticolor
peromyscus maniculatus
acomys wilsoni
onychomys torridus
apodemus sylvaticus
synaptomys cooperi
gerbillus nanus
peromyscus leucopus
myodes rufocanus
chaetodipus californicus
peromyscus melanotis
oligoryzomys longicaudatus
peromyscus gossypinus
praomys daltoni
chaetodipus hispidus
gerbillus gleadowi
microtus montanus
rhabdomys pumilio
microtus guentheri
chiropodomys gliroides
peromyscus yucatanicus
chaetodipus baileyi
apodemus flavicollis
microtus longicaudus
peromyscus boylii
microtus ochrogaster
dicrostonyx groenlandicus
microtus pennsylvanicus
microtus agrestis
peromyscus truei
uranomys ruddi
liomys pictus
liomys salvini
microtus californicus
onychomys leucogaster
saccostomus campestris
gerbillurus paeba
praomys morio
dicrostonyx torquatus
lemniscomys striatus
praomys tullbergi
lemmus lemmus
gerbillus pyramidum
microtus townsendii
oryzomys palustris
rattus exulans
micaelamys namaquensis
dicrostonyx richardsoni
dipodillus campestris
lemmus trimucronatus
peromyscus californicus
peromyscus aztecus
podomys floridanus
peromyscus melanophrys
mus musculoides
notomys alexis
grammomys cometes
meriones hurrianae
lophuromys flavopunctatus
peromyscus mexicanus
peromyscus melanocarpus
pseudomys hermannsburgensis
nyctomys sumichrasti
dipodomys merriami
rattus niobe
hybomys trivirgatus
beamys hindei
peromyscus megalops
pogonomys sylvestris
meriones unguiculatus
lophuromys sikapusi
heteromys desmarestianus
sigmodon hispidus
pseudomys australis
peromyscus guatemalensis
cryptomys hottentotus
malacomys edwardsi
dipodomys microps
thomomys talpoides
aethomys chrysophilus
megadontomys thomasi
paramelomys rubex
tscherskia triton
melomys rufescens
melomys cervinipes
dipodillus dasyurus
ototylomys phyllotis
arvicanthis niloticus
dipodomys agilis
otomys irroratus
tamias amoenus
mystromys albicaudatus
rattus tunneyi
holochilus sciureus
aethomys hindei
pogonomys macrourus
heliophobius argenteocinereus
dipodomys heermanni
dipodomys ordii
thomomys bottae
rattus verecundus
abeomelomys sevia
jaculus jaculus
peromyscus grandis
grammomys poensis
gerbilliscus afra
gerbilliscus brantsii
spalacopus cyanus
tamias minimus
spermophilus canus
maxomys whiteheadi
rattus lutreolus
arvicola amphibius
cremnomys cutchicus
spermophilus mollis
spermophilus tereticaudus
rattus fuscipes
tamias quadrivittatus
rattus nitidus
rattus sordidus
glaucomys volans
isthmomys pirrensis
dipodomys deserti
spermophilus washingtoni
tamias panamintinus
geomys bursarius
tatera indica
tamias speciosus
paramelomys levipes
hylopetes spadiceus
spalax ehrenbergi
tachyoryctes splendens
spermophilus townsendii
rattus morotaiensis
dipodomys spectabilis
pectinator spekei
tamiops mcclellandii
tamias dorsalis
tamias palmeri
spermophilus mohavensis
funambulus pennantii
spermophilus brunneus
tamias quadrimaculatus
tamias striatus
neotoma albigula
ammospermophilus leucurus
spermophilus tridecemlineatus
geomys breviceps
massoutiera mzabi
spermophilus spilosoma
ammospermophilus harrisii
tamias townsendii
spermophilus pygmaeus
ammospermophilus interpres
maxomys surifer
ammospermophilus insularis
spermophilus suslicus
spermophilus musicus
ammospermophilus nelsoni
neotoma cinerea
neotoma fuscipes
neotoma micropus
spermophilus madrensis
neofiber alleni
galea musteloides
spermophilus dauricus
spermophilus elegans
spermophilus perotensis
paraxerus cepapi
spermophilus alashanicus
spermophilus citellus
spermophilus beldingi
spermophilus adocetus
glaucomys sabrinus
neotoma floridana
spermophilus xanthoprymnus
spermophilus lateralis
spermophilus armatus
spermophilus richardsonii
iomys horsfieldii
spermophilus saturatus
leopoldamys siporanus
spermophilus erythrogenys
spermophilus relictus
spermophilus mexicanus
sundamys muelleri
pteromyscus pulverulentus
spermophilus undulatus
bathyergus suillus
tamiasciurus hudsonicus
spermophilus columbianus
spermophilus franklinii
leopoldamys sabanus
heliosciurus gambianus
cavia aperea
spermophilus major
hoplomys gymnurus
funisciurus anerythrus
rhinosciurus laticaudatus
hydromys chrysogaster
funisciurus pyrropus
callosciurus nigrovittatus
geocapromys ingrahami
funisciurus carruthersi
spermophilus fulvus
mesembriomys gouldii
berylmys bowersi
leopoldamys edwardsi
callosciurus notatus
ondatra zibethicus
xerus rutilus
cynomys gunnisoni
spermophilus atricapillus
heliosciurus ruwenzorii
dremomys rufigenis
spermophilus beecheyi
cynomys mexicanus
cynomys parvidens
cynomys ludovicianus
heliosciurus rufobrachium
cynomys leucurus
spermophilus parryii
sciurus granatensis
sciurus vulgaris
callosciurus caniceps
spermophilopsis leptodactylus
callosciurus prevostii
cricetomys gambianus
xerus erythropus
proechimys semispinosus
spermophilus variegatus
aplodontia rufa
sciurus carolinensis
sciurus aberti
xerus inauris
petaurista elegans
sciurus aureogaster
sciurus niger
ratufa affinis
aeromys tephromelas
ratufa bicolor
protoxerus stangeri
marmota menzbieri
petaurista petaurista
marmota flaviventris
marmota bobak
marmota camtschatica
lagostomus maximus
thryonomys swinderianus
marmota vancouverensis
marmota sibirica
marmota baibacina
marmota broweri
marmota monax
marmota marmota
marmota caudata
marmota caligata
marmota olympus
marmota himalayana
myocastor coypus
dasyprocta punctata
erethizon dorsata
dinomys branickii
cuniculus paca
cavia porcellus
chaetodipus spinatus
perognathus parvus
chaetodipus fallax
microdipodops pallidus
liomys irroratus
dipodomys panamintinus
geomys pinetis
orthogeomys cherriei
zygogeomys trichopus
cratogeomys fumosus
orthogeomys heterodus
apodemus agrarius
mus musculus
zapus trinotatus
akodon azarae
cricetulus barabensis
ochrotomys nuttalli
acomys cahirinus
mastomys natalensis
mesocricetus auratus
psammomys obesus
rattus rattus
lemmus sibiricus
holochilus chacarius
tamias cinereicollis
glis glis
octodon degus
cricetus cricetus
thomomys bulbivorus
jaculus orientalis
mesomys hispidus
proechimys brevicauda
spalax leucodon
makalata didelphoides
allactaga sibirica
clyomys laticeps
makalata macrura
orthogeomys hispidus
echimys chrysurus
chinchilla lanigera
rattus norvegicus
ratufa indica
sphiggurus vestitus
trichys fasciculata
lagidium viscacia
dolichotis salinicola
coendou prehensilis
coendou rothschildi
dasyprocta leporina
dasyprocta prymnolopha
atherurus africanus
hystrix sumatrae
dolichotis patagonum
atherurus macrourus
hystrix cristata
hystrix africaeaustralis
hystrix brachyura
hystrix indica
castor fiber
castor canadensis
hydrochoeris hydrochaeris
tupaia javanica
tupaia minor
tupaia glis
urogale everetti
dugong dugon
trichechus manatus
suncus etruscus
sorex hoyi
sorex ornatus
cryptotis parva
sorex minutus
crocidura fuscomurina
notiosorex crawfordi
sorex cinereus
sorex vagrans
crocidura russula
sorex trowbridgii
sorex fumeus
sorex monticolus
sorex araneus
sorex arcticus
blarina brevicauda
sorex palustris
neomys fodiens
suncus murinus
surdisorex polulus
neurotrichus gibbsii
condylura cristata
talpa europaea
scalopus aquaticus
scapanus townsendii
galemys pyrenaicus
desmana moschata
solenodon paradoxus
orycteropus afer